Independent statement review

Challenge imports exactly the two accepted template imports. It contains
literal polynomial coefficients, interval endpoints and the N36 numerator
and denominator. It imports neither QRH geometry nor a candidate alias.
The seven declaration signatures are textually identical in Solution.
Only Challenge has seven expected placeholders; Solution contains none.

The three rational targets preserve the existing scope: every nonzero
Dirichlet modulus and character (excluding only its principal pole), the
original Mathlib riemannZeta, and every member of the original finite-order
Eisenstein Hecke family (excluding only its pole). No real/imaginary part,
height, exceptional-zero or primitivity restrictions were added.

Each exact target universally quantifies a REAL e in [1/6,1/5] satisfying
657e^3-954e^2+21e+20=0. The conclusion uses the literal threshold
11/12-e/4. Solution proves that every such e equals the constructed root,
using strict antitonicity on the interval and the proved root equation.

The seventh theorem is existential UNIQUE existence, with interval
membership AND the polynomial equation inside its predicate. It therefore
proves that the three exact antecedents are inhabited; it is not a
uniqueness implication with existence omitted. RootProofCheck.lean already
compiled this existence theorem and the root-equality argument against the
fresh algebraic module, with only propext, Classical.choice, and Quot.sound.

The rational upper threshold is exactly
874957019420098946128603850561452983 / 10^36.
The exact root threshold lies strictly below it. This rational number also
lies strictly below the independently checked N24 threshold. NativeAudit
checks both inequalities and preserves the original three literal targets.
It also proves all three previous literal N24 targets directly by
limitingTheta_lt_N24 and monotonicity, without relying on definitional
equality between tightTheta and the previous rational constant.

The seven kernel targets certify both the exact algebraic theorem and a
strictly improved rational theorem. They do not assert that the root is a
rational number, and they do not claim any bound below the cubic barrier.

Pending execution after the complete fresh candidate native build:
  python3 further-research/algebraic-verification/verify_native.py

Pending measurement after the final Certificate and package freeze:
  python3 further-research/algebraic-verification/count_final_tokens.py

The native audit checks 24 theorem axiom closures, rejecting any axiom
outside {propext, Classical.choice, Quot.sound}. The independent Comparator,
Lean, NanoDa and con-ron run remains a separate required step. Its results
must not be inferred from the native audit or the statement review.
